1) What is a socket?
    A socket is an endpoint of a two-way communication link between two programs running on the network.
    A socket is bound to a port number so that the TCP layer can identify the application 
        that the data is destined to be sent to.

2) What is the difference between the domains AF_INET and AF_UNIX?
    They are domains in ai_family field.
    AF_INET: specifies the address format is IPv4.
    AF_UNIX: used for communication between processes on the same machine, also known as AF_LOCAL.

3) What is the difference between SOCK_STREAM and SOCK_DGRAM?
    They are domains in ai_socktype field.
    SOCK_STREAM: TCP (Transmission Control Protocol)
    SOCK_DGRAM: UDP (User Datagram Protocol)

4) Why is it important to clear all the values the addrinfo struct before using it in getaddrinfo?
    To prevent the garbage data being mistakenly used for initialization of the uninitialized fields.

5) What are ai_family and ai_socktype?
    They are fields in the struct addrinfo.
    ai_family: specifies the disired IP address format (e.g. IPv4 / IPv6).
    ai_socktype: specifies the preferred socket type (e.g. stream for TCP / datagram for UDP).

6) What does getaddrinfo do?
    "getaddrinfo" converts a human readable domain name (e.g. www.illinois.edu) into an IPv4 or IPv6 address 
        with other specified information that being used in the network transmission.

7) What does connect do?
    "connect" accepts a socket file descriptor, an address that meant to be connected, and the length in bytes of that address structure, 
        using the socket as an endpoint, connects to another program running on the network.

8) What is setsockopt?
    "setsockopt" makes a port reusable immediately after the server socket is closed, by setting its third argument to "SO_REUSEPORT".

9) What does bind do?
    "bind" associates an abstract socket with an actual network interface and port.

10) What does listen do?
    "listen" specifies the queue size for the number of the incoming unhandled connections.

11) What does accept do?
    "accept" waits for new client connections. It will block until an client is connected and return a new file descriptor
        which is specific to the particular client.